
The architecture and the description of swimming pool simulation system is given bellow.

Swimming Pool : It is the global view of the system. It has a reception counter, a changing
room, and a pool.
Reception Counter : A client enters the swimming pool only through the reception
counter. The reception counter is responsible for selling tickets to the clients. It can sell only
one ticket at a time. However, clients selling order is anarchic. It is assumed that clients have
enough money, and they always give the exact amount of money.

Changing Room : In order to maintain hygiene, clients need to wear a swimsuit inside the
pool. After getting a ticket, every client always comes to this room to switch their clothes to a
swimsuit. The capacity of this room is limited. When a client wants to leave the pool, he/she
will come to this room again to change his/her clothes back. For convenience, a client takes a
constant amount of time to change his/her clothes. The entering order into the Changing room
is also anarchic.

Pool : When leaving the changing room, the client will finally access the pool. Again, the
pool has a limited capacity. However, there is no time bound here, but each client has to leave
the pool at some point. There is no ordering process to jump into the pool.

Client : All clients come to the reception counter and buy a new ticket. Once a client
bought a ticket, he/she wears swimming suits to access the pool. Thereafter, finishing the
swimming activity, the client again goes back to the changing room and changes the clothes
before living the swimming pool.

Part 1 : Jump into deep water
To start, you will model the behavior of the system as described in the introduction. Pay
attention to the capacity of the changing room and the pool.

Part 2 : Head first
On normal days, one reception counter is enough to sell tickets. But during the weekend, more
clients want to access to the pool. One way to scale up the ticketing process is to add one more
reception counter in the system. But the queue line remains unique.

Part 3 : Swimming like a fish
Your swimming pool is a success. To continue pleasing your clients, you decide to allow clients
to borrow swimfins. As such, you add a swimn free rental desk inside the complex that clients
may or may not visit.

However the number of swimfins is limited and each client requires to borrow 2 swimfins.
You will have to ensure that when a client decides to borrow swimfins he/she will be able to get
2 of them, or will wait until 2 are available.

Swimfin : The store keeps a limited number of swimfins and a client request is satisfied.
only with 2 swimfins. The rule of the store is that clients have to return the borrowed items
after using them.
Client: Now, each client is given a choice to borrow a pair of swimfins before going to the
pool. If a client wishes to wear it, he/she will go to borrow them. Otherwise, the client will go
to the pool. After leaving the pool, the client will return any borrowed items to the store before
going to the changing room.

Bonus : Jean-Luc
Because of the huge success, a lot of people come to your swimming pool. The major drawback is
that the pool gets dirty very quickly. The committee decides to hire Jean-Luc who is responsible
for cleaning the swimming pool at random time interval and thus while there is still client in
the building. However to complete his work, the pool must be empty and clients can not jump
into the pool as long as Jean-Luc is cleaning the pool.
